okay so on the top story (***)
Well, just a basic, basic, like...
So what's your favorite? What's your favorite Gamera monster?
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
Is that F girl? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, that's- oh, no, then you're too
Oh, Ziggurat? Ziggurat.
yeah yeah Oh, you like that one?
Yeah, I thought he liked the gear on.
But yeah like
Yeah, from and then you're on again.
But I didn't know the old one also had it
ahh
yeah yeah Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, it can only go... Yeah, yeah.
It's a new one, man. It's a new one. You're gonna...
you.
yeah
oh oh it's a baby camera (***)
But then that one was, uh, the um, yeah. Yeah, that was good.
Bye.
yeah
I don't really know.
But then like one way or the other he went there.
Oh yeah, you can see him all the way up there.
I'm pretty sure he like, you know, trained and, you know.
He was at school, he was doing that.
Yeah, I guess.  But then the baby gum melts a bit.
yeah
when it was walking around the kitchen.
yeah because they were hero yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah.
yeah
I get the house kind of like a, but like, yeah.
you
Yeah, I guess. It's kinda like a, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not like, yeah.
(***)
No, it was good. Yeah, it was good. But I wish they had more weapons.
Yeah.
We all went through.
(***)
No, they didn't. That was the only one.
yeah that would be that would be good but they haven't
Which one? The anime to the new one?
The new one was... what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I watched part of it.
yeah
No, I watched the older ones, yeah.
What?
That one, that one, I watched that one.
Yeah, but it's kind of creepy. Well, anyway, so...
(***) I love turtles.
yeah
Yeah, yeah.
(***)
yeah
Yeah.
(***)
Oh Byron was good.
squid
Yeah, well that's my old one too (***)
Oh, there's actually a bunch of other monsters. I guess the three favorites are...
Jigra and virus
AND ahh
(***) Giron. Giron virus.
But then I don't really I'm y'all
yeah and then there's one more like i forgot